= simple_daemon

This is a simple library for daemonizing scripts. It was extracted from Kenneth
Kalmer's excellent daemon-kit project (http://github.com/kennethkalmer/daemon-kit).
The daemon-kit framework is amazing for bootstrapping your daemons, but if
you need something more lightweight (e.g., a single file daemon), then you're
out of luck (for now). There are a number of daemon gem libraries available, but
I was most impressed by the daemon-kit setup. This library lets you use the well
thought out daemonization process from daemon-kit for simpler daemon setups.

= Usage

You set configuration options as follows:

 SimpleDaemon.setup do |config
   config.daemon_name = "some_name"
   config.pid_file = "/var/run/some_name.pid"
 end

To actually daemonize your script, just run the code you want to run daemonized
in a block as follows:

 SimpleDaemon.daemonized do
   loop {
     # do something useful here
   }
 end

The pid file is automatically created and the script is backgrounded when run. When
the process exits the pid file is cleaned up automatically. If the process is dies
or is forcibly killed with a KILL signal then the pid file will stay in place, but
the daemonized blocks check to see if the process in the pid file is running or not.
If it isn't, it will spin up a new process and replace the existing pid file. Keep
in mind that there's no facility (yet) to handle the case where the process is still
running, but no pid file exists.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Joel Watson. Portions copyright Kenneth Kalmer. See LICENSE for details.